this is the one video my mom decides to
watch because the thumbnail is a naked
golden man then mom I'm sorry his video
is sponsored by Epic Games in Deep
Silver they were playing saints row 2/3
remastered for my good friend call me
Kevin is the original game remastered
with a complete graphical overhaul and
all of the expansions in DLC from the
original game included even takes way
too much Liberty or making a character
got outright ridiculous weapons and
vehicles and it's got online co-op
multiplayer it's available now in the
epic game store if you like what you see
in this video you can pick it up for
yourself by the link in the description
below if you do pick up the game this
way you can also use the Creator code
IRT game to support me and special
thanks to anyone who does this Jesus
Christ
my dialects like when fish first evolved
instead of walking on land really
disturbing how can you turn off his ah
he's just zombie I like to just
understand yeah of course um titles -
did you fix our voices yes there you are
oh my god you look fantastic why are you
in a suit let's go let's go
I hope the parachute can support you
you're [__] you Jimmy's out of solid
gold just dense into the ground to make
a massive crater oh here we go oh there
you are you got a guy you - how's it
going good
or just starting a relationship but he's
warm nice I'm happy for it
we broke up hope you guys don't have a
falling out hahaha
I like it doesn't even clarify it
subtitles this just snails herbal oh now
I just hit the plane through the plane
kill are you the driver are you yeah I
know have the drive time
yeah we're European this is how we drive
it you're you know I can't pass this guy
I'll meet you there I'll help you help I
do there pedestrians
I'm just doing some parkour yeah how's
that going for you I'm actually it's
actually kind of working a little more
up there I'll see you there in the build
in a moment okay shotguns oh I want some
shotguns why is the alarm going off I
think that might be because I drove into
the shop is everything ok ah it's going
ok
I bought a flashlight for my gun that's
really nice then hop on in ok let's go
home you're just gonna stand on top can
you do care surfing yeah oh I can do it
just great
look at that Wow look at me go rest
there are people shooting at me but I'm
having fun no you should be able to go
into a lower body and then select none
oh very oh god you look like like a
version of like George Washington but
you're supposed to be made of plastic
and I melted I guess jeez the wax museum
see in hard times your naked body keeps
walking in the way of my bullets Kevin I
think you're just trying to look at it
look just thank God it's automatically
censored or this would be one hell of an
edit yeah come pick me up I'll come pick
you up there now don't you worry sorry
there let's help my friend off you've
fallen over and II can't get off they
seem pretty chill at the arrangement and
this there's honor in these things
that's the cheats tab so we have
infinite mass on our car now which means
we hit anything
like we should just go true it okay let
me let me give it a go oh my god oh
that's correct
Jesus Christ I love it it is damaging a
care-a-lot no but sure what happened
Kevin you fell off the highway to come
get me I'm coming thank you Jesus Christ
classic music alright I gotta be more
careful
do you feel like the car is just like
disintegrating the further we go yeah I
don't think having like 700 pound golden
many favors even the only thing with
infinite mass oh okay this is insurance
fraud I've experienced with this in real
life I mean I don't I don't mind it you
want to try and hit multiple carriers in
one go as well if you can but ideally we
not speed just smacking into things oh
my god
because adrenaline high just bouncing
across the carrier's adrenaline it's
[__] gone big truck coming down big
truck he's down stop ye all right
that'll do thank what trucks going yes
that's what you like to see
oh yes very go eighteen thousand twenty
three thousand twenty four come on 24s
we get outta well done with that I think
we can get a nice care of our own we are
trying to do it okay I'll get us here
safely
God you really know the city how long
you been driving limos Jesus Christ it's
a shortcut okay yeah and you shave some
of the car off two is less weight to
carry in Ireland we drive on the left
yeah dude you need to force them to just
or needs
I'm not adjusting just because we're in
the states right now
shouldn't have - it would be wrong for
them to impose their beliefs on us
oh we check it out it's a baggage
carrier from the airport and we're going
to the airport so it'll make sense we'll
get it perfect well the police are on us
yeah they'll never catch us don't worry
will you leave us alone mr. police we're
not bothering anyone
you just wanna steal the plane this is
weird controls oh god oh god oh god oh
god
alright no everything's fine and
honestly this is like I I'm praying in
general I love God okay take the wheel I
can I take the wheel
neiderhoff heaven trafficking tank
mayhem Kevin the grass it's getting real
close is it oh why didn't you warn me
God that Mortal pilot features bad I
need to improve us alright I got my bike
- yep where are we going now we go in
those markers yeah we're gonna well we
found oh Jesus
are you okay alright let's take this and
stay put Kevin you gotta stop running me
over
why oh yes no advice I like this a lot
of things are gonna die I mean we'll
probably die to get caught in the
crossfire but it's okay I'm okay with
that as long as we take a lot of them
with us yeah like you're a sacrifice I'm
willing to make Wow Dan that's really
nice today few more people going over
the dashboard than I think should be no
it's normal
any of my tattoos gonna come true like
my body is solid gold no I can't see it
Kevin yeah don't worry I'm gonna get
enough tattoos for the both of us
okay everything going well outside oh
yeah its grand not back in the car Kevin
no oh this is good now we can go edit
them and see what we come up with we've
the same blank canvas to work with just
open fire in your carriage ride or you
could not do that as well here's
an option to not do that I wanted or
cares to live but I don't know if it's
gonna be possible I'm taking some heavy
fire yeah my car is not looking too good
right now oh wait I think this is the
mechanic oh where is it but get me and
get me in there we go
yes repair effects sake unavailable due
to notoriety how did they say we can
lose that I'm at the mechanics I cannot
lose these cars Jesus Christ I keep
killing them but more just arrived I
think that might be the problem I made
it that wasn't even me what was he like
my cat what is happening outside the
garage oh I need to bring a care in so I
can customize them it's a kitty cat ah
no this I got in the safe house we've
all just need to get in there anything
running over the cars here I don't know
they're pissed off for some reason like
this cement mixer just turned into the
puddle okay there goes my cat yeah let's
get inside hit it yeah I'm gonna wait
you know you'll have to come in here
first it's real bad outside the car yes
hell of a day Kevin I don't know how I
wanna come outside it's just fire and I
kick a cop I'll hit by like a cement
mixer just outside now I see you oh yes
okay Poppins yes you're in the cannon oh
it's a man cannon check out my ride Oh
like it it's like fire
it's got like tire poppers on the sides
oh look at all those people coming out
to see my thanks once again to epic
games and deep silver for sponsor in
this video saints row the third
remastered is now available in the epic
game store and if you want to try it for
yourself the link you need is in the
description below
[Music]